h:\Software_development\Blood_Bank\Online_Blood_Bank\Online Blood Bank\bin\Debug\Online Blood Bank.exe.config
h:\Software_development\Blood_Bank\Online_Blood_Bank\Online Blood Bank\bin\Debug\Online Blood Bank.exe
h:\Software_development\Blood_Bank\Online_Blood_Bank\Online Blood Bank\bin\Debug\Online Blood Bank.pdb
h:\Software_development\Blood_Bank\Online_Blood_Bank\Online Blood Bank\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
h:\Software_development\Blood_Bank\Online_Blood_Bank\Online Blood Bank\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.dll
h:\Software_development\Blood_Bank\Online_Blood_Bank\Online Blood Bank\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
h:\Software_development\Blood_Bank\Online_Blood_Bank\Online Blood Bank\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
h:\Software_development\Blood_Bank\Online_Blood_Bank\Online Blood Bank\obj\Debug\Online_Blood_Bank.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
h:\Software_development\Blood_Bank\Online_Blood_Bank\Online Blood Bank\obj\Debug\LoginWin.g.cs
h:\Software_development\Blood_Bank\Online_Blood_Bank\Online Blood Bank\obj\Debug\UpdateWin.g.cs
h:\Software_development\Blood_Bank\Online_Blood_Bank\Online Blood Bank\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
h:\Software_development\Blood_Bank\Online_Blood_Bank\Online Blood Bank\obj\Debug\Online Blood Bank_MarkupCompile.cache
h:\Software_development\Blood_Bank\Online_Blood_Bank\Online Blood Bank\obj\Debug\Online Blood Bank_MarkupCompile.lref
h:\Software_development\Blood_Bank\Online_Blood_Bank\Online Blood Bank\obj\Debug\LoginWin.baml
h:\Software_development\Blood_Bank\Online_Blood_Bank\Online Blood Bank\obj\Debug\UpdateWin.baml
h:\Software_development\Blood_Bank\Online_Blood_Bank\Online Blood Bank\obj\Debug\Online Blood Bank.g.resources
h:\Software_development\Blood_Bank\Online_Blood_Bank\Online Blood Bank\obj\Debug\Online_Blood_Bank.Properties.Resources.resources
h:\Software_development\Blood_Bank\Online_Blood_Bank\Online Blood Bank\obj\Debug\Online_Blood_Bank.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
h:\Software_development\Blood_Bank\Online_Blood_Bank\Online Blood Bank\obj\Debug\Online_Blood_Bank.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
h:\Software_development\Blood_Bank\Online_Blood_Bank\Online Blood Bank\obj\Debug\Online Blood Bank.exe
h:\Software_development\Blood_Bank\Online_Blood_Bank\Online Blood Bank\obj\Debug\Online Blood Bank.pdb
